Golf Card Game
Players: At least 2 and up to 10 players.
To win: Get the lowest sum of all the cards.
The value of the cards are:
A = 1
2 through 10 = number value
J  = 11
Q = 12
K = 0
Scores:A sheet of paper and write down the players’ names.Doesn’t require a separate scorekeeper.

While no one has knocked:
  Take out the two Joker cards from the deck.
  Designate a dealer and deal 4 cards to each player, one at a time, face down, starting to the dealer’s left. 
  Players can not look at their cards and will place them in two rows of two, one row above the other. 
  The remaining portion of the deck will be the draw pile, which is placed faced down. 
  The dealer flips over one card from the top of the deck and place it faced up next to the draw pile.
  Each player first turns 2 cards of his choice faced up in front of himself.
  Every round, the player has to switch out a card.
  The first player to take a turn is the person left to the dealer.
  The first player can choose to either take a card from the discard pile, or the card on the top of the deck, and switch it out with one of his four cards.
  If the player draws a card from the deck/draw pile:
    He can look at it and choose to either trade it out ,or not with one of his cards.
  If he chooses a faced-down card to switch out, and he looks at it:
    He has to replace the card he drew and place the card originally from his layout in the discard pile.
  If the player draws a card from the deck/draw pile, and he doesn't want to switch it out with any of his cards: 
    He places it faced up in the discard pile.
  If the player chooses to take a card from the discard pile:
    He must replace one of his layout cards with it; the player cannot put it back on the discard pile.
  While no one has knocked, the player takes a card from the draw pile or the discard pile on their turn.
    Then the player can choose to either discard it, or switch it out with one of their cards.
   If the player draws a card from the deck/draw pile:
   He can look at it and choose to either trade it out ,or not with one of his cards.
  If he chooses a faced-down card to switch out, and he looks at it:
    He has to replace the card he drew and place the card originally from his layout in the discard pile.
  If the player draws a card from the deck/draw pile, and he doesn't want to switch it out with any of his cards: 
    He places it faced up in the discard pile.
  If the player chooses to take a card from the discard pile:
   He must replace one of his layout cards with it; the player cannot put it back on the discard pile.
  The next players repeat these steps for three rounds.
 If a player thinks that he has the lowest total score of his cards:
  he can end the game at the end of that round by knocking before it becomes his turn again.
 Once that round is over all the players flip over the other two crads they had faced down and if the player who knocked actually has the lowest sum, they earn one point. 
 If the player doesn’t have the lowest total score:
  they lose one point, 
 If the player who actually had the lowest sum didn’t knock:
  they do not lose or earn any points.

   


